Document how to use blocks with lambda slots (#1318)
github/view_component: docs/guide/slots.md

end
```

> To provide content for a lambda slot via a block, add a block parameter and render the content by calling its `call` method:

Reviewer: I don't think this text matches the example code any more 😄

Author: ooh good point! What about this?

```suggestion
To provide content for a lambda slot via a block, add a block parameter. You can then render the content by calling the block's `call` method, or pass the block directly to `content_tag`:
```

> To provide content for a lambda slot via a block, you need to explicitly add a block parameter and render the content by calling its `call` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide content for a lambda slot via a block, add a block parameter and render the content by calling its `call` method:
```

> To provide content for a lambda slot via a block, add a block parameter. You can then render the content by calling the block's `call` method, or pass the block directly to `content_tag`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide content for a lambda slot via a block, add a block parameter. Render the content by calling the block's `call` method, or by passing the block directly to `content_tag`:
```

```ruby
class BlogComponent < ViewComponent::Base
  renders_one :header, -> (classes:, &block) do

>     content_tag :h1, block.call, class: classes

Reviewer: Does this work?

```suggestion
    content_tag :h1, class: classes, &block
```

Author: yes it does, thanks!
